NAME                                    INSTALLED                                 FIXED-IN                  TYPE    VULNERABILITY        SEVERITY 
bzip2-libs                              1.0.6-26.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-12900       Low       
cryptography                            41.0.2                                    41.0.3                    python  GHSA-jm77-qphf-c4w8  Low       
curl                                    7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                         0:7.61.1-30.el8_8.3       rpm     CVE-2023-28321       Medium    
curl                                    7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                         0:7.61.1-30.el8_8.3       rpm     CVE-2023-27536       Medium    
curl                                    7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                                                   rpm     CVE-2023-28322       Low       
curl                                    7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                         (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-27534       Low       
dbus                                    1:1.12.8-24.el8                           1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1       rpm     CVE-2023-34969       Medium    
dbus                                    1:1.12.8-24.el8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2020-35512       Low       
dbus-common                             1:1.12.8-24.el8                           1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1       rpm     CVE-2023-34969       Medium    
dbus-common                             1:1.12.8-24.el8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2020-35512       Low       
dbus-daemon                             1:1.12.8-24.el8                           1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1       rpm     CVE-2023-34969       Medium    
dbus-daemon                             1:1.12.8-24.el8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2020-35512       Low       
dbus-libs                               1:1.12.8-24.el8                           1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1       rpm     CVE-2023-34969       Medium    
dbus-libs                               1:1.12.8-24.el8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2020-35512       Low       
dbus-tools                              1:1.12.8-24.el8                           1:1.12.8-24.el8_8.1       rpm     CVE-2023-34969       Medium    
dbus-tools                              1:1.12.8-24.el8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2020-35512       Low       
dmidecode                               1:3.3-4.el8                               1:3.3-4.el8_8.1           rpm     CVE-2023-30630       Medium    
dnf-plugin-subscription-manager         1.28.36-2.el8                             0:1.28.36-3.el8_8         rpm     CVE-2023-3899        High      
dnf-plugin-subscription-manager         1.28.36-2.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-0235        Medium    
elfutils-default-yama-scope             0.188-3.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-33294       Low       
elfutils-libelf                         0.188-3.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-33294       Low       
elfutils-libs                           0.188-3.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-33294       Low       
expat                                   2.2.5-11.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-23990       Medium    
file-libs                               5.33-24.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-8906        Low       
file-libs                               5.33-24.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-8905        Low       
gawk                                    4.2.1-4.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-4156        Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2023-2222        Medium    
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2021-32256       Medium    
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2020-35342       Medium    
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2020-19726       Medium    
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-48065       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-48064       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-48063       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-47696       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-47695       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-47673       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-47011       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-47010       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-47008       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-47007       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-45703       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-44840       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-35206       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2022-35205       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2021-46174       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2020-21490       Low       
gdb-gdbserver                           8.2-19.el8                                                          rpm     CVE-2020-19724       Low       
glib2                                   2.56.4-161.el8                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-32665       Low       
glib2                                   2.56.4-161.el8                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-32636       Low       
glib2                                   2.56.4-161.el8                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-32611       Low       
glib2                                   2.56.4-161.el8                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-29499       Low       
glib2                                   2.56.4-161.el8                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-25180       Unknown   
glib2                                   2.56.4-161.el8                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-24593       Unknown   
glibc                                   2.28-225.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-1010022     Critical  
glibc                                   2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4813        Medium    
glibc                                   2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4806        Medium    
glibc                                   2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4527        Medium    
glibc-common                            2.28-225.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-1010022     Critical  
glibc-common                            2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4813        Medium    
glibc-common                            2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4806        Medium    
glibc-common                            2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4527        Medium    
glibc-minimal-langpack                  2.28-225.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-1010022     Critical  
glibc-minimal-langpack                  2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4813        Medium    
glibc-minimal-langpack                  2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4806        Medium    
glibc-minimal-langpack                  2.28-225.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4527        Medium    
gmp                                     1:6.1.2-10.el8                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-43618       Low       
gnupg2                                  2.2.20-3.el8_6                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3219        Low       
gnutls                                  3.6.16-6.el8_7                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-4209        Low       
krb5-libs                               1.18.2-25.el8_8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2020-17049       Medium    
kubernetes                              26.1.0                                                              python  CVE-2016-1906        Critical  
kubernetes                              26.1.0                                                              python  CVE-2016-7075        High      
kubernetes                              26.1.0                                                              python  CVE-2016-1905        High      
kubernetes                              26.1.0                                                              python  CVE-2020-8554        Medium    
kubernetes                              26.1.0                                                              python  CVE-2021-25740       Low       
kubernetes                              26.1.0                                                              python  CVE-2015-7561        Low       
libarchive                              3.3.3-5.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-30571       Medium    
libarchive                              3.3.3-5.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2020-21674       Medium    
libarchive                              3.3.3-5.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-1000880     Low       
libarchive                              3.3.3-5.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-1000879     Low       
libcap                                  2.48-4.el8                                0:2.48-5.el8_8            rpm     CVE-2023-2603        Medium    
libcap                                  2.48-4.el8                                0:2.48-5.el8_8            rpm     CVE-2023-2602        Low       
libcurl                                 7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                         0:7.61.1-30.el8_8.3       rpm     CVE-2023-28321       Medium    
libcurl                                 7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                         0:7.61.1-30.el8_8.3       rpm     CVE-2023-27536       Medium    
libcurl                                 7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                                                   rpm     CVE-2023-28322       Low       
libcurl                                 7.61.1-30.el8_8.2                         (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-27534       Low       
libgcc                                  8.5.0-18.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4039        Medium    
libgcc                                  8.5.0-18.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-42694       Medium    
libgcc                                  8.5.0-18.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-27943       Low       
libgcc                                  8.5.0-18.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-14250       Low       
libgcc                                  8.5.0-18.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-20657       Low       
libgcrypt                               1.8.5-7.el8_6                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-12904       Medium    
libstdc++                               8.5.0-18.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4039        Medium    
libstdc++                               8.5.0-18.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-42694       Medium    
libstdc++                               8.5.0-18.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-27943       Low       
libstdc++                               8.5.0-18.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-14250       Low       
libstdc++                               8.5.0-18.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-20657       Low       
libtasn1                                4.13-4.el8_7                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-1000654     Low       
libxml2                                 2.9.7-16.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-39615       Medium    
libxml2                                 2.9.7-16.el8                              0:2.9.7-16.el8_8.1        rpm     CVE-2023-29469       Medium    
libxml2                                 2.9.7-16.el8                              0:2.9.7-16.el8_8.1        rpm     CVE-2023-28484       Medium    
libzstd                                 1.4.4-1.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-4899        Low       
libzstd                                 1.4.4-1.el8                               (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-24032       Low       
lz4-libs                                1.8.3-3.el8_4                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-17543       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                        0:6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1  rpm     CVE-2023-29491       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                        (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-39537       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19190       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19189       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19188       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19187       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19186       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19185       Medium    
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                        (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-19217       Low       
ncurses-base                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                        (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-19211       Low       
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                        0:6.1-9.20180224.el8_8.1  rpm     CVE-2023-29491       Medium    
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                        (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-39537       Medium    
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19190       Medium    
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19189       Medium    
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19188       Medium    
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19187       Medium    
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19186       Medium    
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                                                  rpm     CVE-2020-19185       Medium    
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                        (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-19217       Low       
ncurses-libs                            6.1-9.20180224.el8                        (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-19211       Low       
openldap                                2.4.46-18.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-2953        Low       
openssl-libs                            1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                          (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-2650        Medium    
openssl-libs                            1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                                    rpm     CVE-2023-3817        Low       
openssl-libs                            1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                                                    rpm     CVE-2023-3446        Low       
openssl-libs                            1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                          (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-0466        Low       
openssl-libs                            1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                          (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-0465        Low       
openssl-libs                            1:1.1.1k-9.el8_7                          (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-0464        Low       
platform-python                         3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                                                    rpm     CVE-2023-40217       High      
platform-python                         3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                          (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-36632       Medium    
platform-python                         3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                                                    rpm     CVE-2023-27043       Medium    
platform-python                         3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                                                    rpm     CVE-2007-4559        Medium    
platform-python                         3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                          (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-9674        Low       
python3-cloud-what                      1.28.36-2.el8                             0:1.28.36-3.el8_8         rpm     CVE-2023-3899        High      
python3-cloud-what                      1.28.36-2.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-0235        Medium    
python3-libs                            3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                                                    rpm     CVE-2023-40217       High      
python3-libs                            3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                          (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-36632       Medium    
python3-libs                            3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                                                    rpm     CVE-2023-27043       Medium    
python3-libs                            3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                                                    rpm     CVE-2007-4559        Medium    
python3-libs                            3.6.8-51.el8_8.1                          (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-9674        Low       
python3-libxml2                         2.9.7-16.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-39615       Medium    
python3-libxml2                         2.9.7-16.el8                              0:2.9.7-16.el8_8.1        rpm     CVE-2023-29469       Medium    
python3-libxml2                         2.9.7-16.el8                              0:2.9.7-16.el8_8.1        rpm     CVE-2023-28484       Medium    
python3-pip-wheel                       9.0.3-22.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-20225       Low       
python3-requests                        2.20.0-2.1.el8_1                                                    rpm     CVE-2023-32681       Medium    
python3-requests                        2.20.0-2.1.el8_1                          0:2.20.0-3.el8_8          rpm     CVE-2023-32681       Medium    
python3-rpm                             4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35939       Medium    
python3-rpm                             4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35938       Medium    
python3-rpm                             4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35937       Medium    
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm       1.28.36-2.el8                             0:1.28.36-3.el8_8         rpm     CVE-2023-3899        High      
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm       1.28.36-2.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-0235        Medium    
python3-syspurpose                      1.28.36-2.el8                             0:1.28.36-3.el8_8         rpm     CVE-2023-3899        High      
python3-syspurpose                      1.28.36-2.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-0235        Medium    
python39                                3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2023-40217       High      
python39                                3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1  (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-36632       Medium    
python39                                3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2023-27043       Medium    
python39                                3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2022-48566       Medium    
python39                                3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2022-0391        Medium    
python39                                3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2020-10735       Medium    
python39                                3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2007-4559        Medium    
python39-libs                           3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2023-40217       High      
python39-libs                           3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1  (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-36632       Medium    
python39-libs                           3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2023-27043       Medium    
python39-libs                           3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2022-48566       Medium    
python39-libs                           3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2022-0391        Medium    
python39-libs                           3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2020-10735       Medium    
python39-libs                           3.9.16-1.module+el8.8.0+18968+3d7b19f0.1                            rpm     CVE-2007-4559        Medium    
rpm                                     4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35939       Medium    
rpm                                     4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35938       Medium    
rpm                                     4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35937       Medium    
rpm-build-libs                          4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35939       Medium    
rpm-build-libs                          4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35938       Medium    
rpm-build-libs                          4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35937       Medium    
rpm-libs                                4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35939       Medium    
rpm-libs                                4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35938       Medium    
rpm-libs                                4.14.3-26.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-35937       Medium    
shadow-utils                            2:4.6-17.el8                                                        rpm     CVE-2023-4641        Low       
sqlite-libs                             3.26.0-18.el8_8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-36191       Low       
sqlite-libs                             3.26.0-18.el8_8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-9937        Low       
sqlite-libs                             3.26.0-18.el8_8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-9936        Low       
sqlite-libs                             3.26.0-18.el8_8                           (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-19244       Low       
subscription-manager                    1.28.36-2.el8                             0:1.28.36-3.el8_8         rpm     CVE-2023-3899        High      
subscription-manager                    1.28.36-2.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-0235        Medium    
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates  1.28.36-2.el8                             0:1.28.36-3.el8_8         rpm     CVE-2023-3899        High      
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates  1.28.36-2.el8                             (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-0235        Medium    
systemd                                 239-74.el8_8.2                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-3997        Medium    
systemd                                 239-74.el8_8.2                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-20839       Medium    
systemd-libs                            239-74.el8_8.2                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-3997        Medium    
systemd-libs                            239-74.el8_8.2                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-20839       Medium    
systemd-pam                             239-74.el8_8.2                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-3997        Medium    
systemd-pam                             239-74.el8_8.2                            (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-20839       Medium    
tar                                     2:1.30-9.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-20193       Medium    
tar                                     2:1.30-9.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2005-2541        Medium    
tar                                     2:1.30-9.el8                              (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2019-9923        Low       
tpm2-tss                                2.3.2-4.el8                                                         rpm     CVE-2023-22745       Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2020-20703       Medium    
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-4781        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                                               rpm     CVE-2023-4752        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-4751        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-4738        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-4735        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-4734        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-2610        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-2609        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-1264        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-1175        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-1170        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-1127        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-0512        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-0433        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-0288        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-0054        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2023-0049        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-4293        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-4292        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3705        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3352        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3296        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3256        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3235        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3234        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3153        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-3037        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2980        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2946        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2923        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2849        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2845        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2819        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2522        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2345        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2344        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2343        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2287        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2286        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2285        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2284        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2210        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2208        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2207        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2206        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2183        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2182        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2175        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2129        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2126        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2125        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-2124        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-1720        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-1619        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2022-0351        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-4166        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-3974        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-3927        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-3236        Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2018-20786       Low       
vim-minimal                             2:8.0.1763-19.el8_6.4                     (won't fix)               rpm     CVE-2021-46059       Unknown
