NAME                                    VERSION                               TYPE      
PyGObject                               3.40.1                                python     
PySocks                                 1.7.1                                 python     
chardet                                 4.0.0                                 python     
dbus-python                             1.2.18                                python     
decorator                               4.4.2                                 python     
ethtool                                 0.15                                  python     
github.com/alexflint/go-filemutex       v0.0.0-20171022225611-72bdc8eae2ae    go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/cni      v0.8.1                                go-module  
github.com/containernetworking/plugins  (devel)                               go-module  
github.com/coreos/go-iptables           v0.5.0                                go-module  
github.com/coreos/go-systemd            v0.0.0-20180511133405-39ca1b05acc7    go-module  
github.com/d2g/dhcp4                    v0.0.0-20170904100407-a1d1b6c41b1c    go-module  
github.com/d2g/dhcp4client              v1.0.0                                go-module  
github.com/godbus/dbus                  v0.0.0-20180201030542-885f9cc04c9c    go-module  
github.com/j-keck/arping                v0.0.0-20160618110441-2cf9dc699c56    go-module  
github.com/mattn/go-shellwords          v1.0.3                                go-module  
github.com/safchain/ethtool             v0.0.0-20190326074333-42ed695e3de8    go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netlink          v1.1.1-0.20201029203352-d40f9887b852  go-module  
github.com/vishvananda/netns            v0.0.0-20200728191858-db3c7e526aae    go-module  
golang.org/x/sys                        v0.0.0-20201117170446-d9b008d0a637    go-module  
gpg                                     1.15.1                                python     
idna                                    2.10                                  python     
iniparse                                0.4                                   python     
libcomps                                0.1.18                                python     
pyinotify                               0.9.6                                 python     
python-dateutil                         2.8.1                                 python     
requests                                2.25.1                                python     
rpm                                     4.16.1.3                              python     
setuptools                              53.0.0                                python     
six                                     1.15.0                                python     
subscription-manager                    1.29.33.1                             python     
systemd-python                          234                                   python     
urllib3                                 1.26.5                                python     
